Oh.
Dying Girl's Message by Mrs.
Irvin Thompson.
Raise the window, oh mother,
No air can harm me now
Let the breeze blow wind upon me.
It will cool my fevered brow.
Death will soon relieve my sorrow.
Soon release my aching heart.
I have a dying message, mother.
I must speak before we part.
There is one.
You know him mother.
Though I cannot call his name. You remember how he won me.
And in loving words he came. How he gave my young affection Vowing at this gentle tone.
Then he would forever love me, My love and his own.
Take this ring from off my finger Where he placed it long ago.
Give it to him with the blessing That in dying I bestow.
Tell him that the token mother
Of forgiveness and peace...will this...never cease?
Raise up high, oh mother, let me go and kiss me too.
and gifts me too.
...Tis the Savior calling me.